[Music]
Well, we have Elena de José here, a
journalist who many will know because
at night, well, at night and
in the morning at all hours.
Look, good night everyone. How are you? How are you,
gorgeous, nice to meet you.
Likewise. A pleasure to be here, Marina,
an award, that award
so that people will be surprised
that she started in football and that she
knows Olga Moreno, I think that
stage in 2005 and it's necessary to use the
Telecopón. I didn't get to coincide with Olga
Moreno, but my colleagues since the
coupon had coincided with her
because she just left when I entered, I
mean, we crossed paths at the door. I
sleep a lot. I do conserve myself. I
try to conserve it in formaldehyde. It
's very well preserved. I'm going to ask him
how he shares. Well,
the ideal partner because with him it
's all laughter, he makes my work super
easy. The truth is that I. The day that it's my
turn to go to record, I'm already super happy
because I know that I'm going to spend a
really good time, because we laugh a lot.
He's a very generous guy, a guy who may
seem like he's going to be a bit lively but
absolutely  not at all And with the whole
technical team he is always charming and
for me it is always a pleasure to work
with him so I hope to meet
many guys in my life and with him
of course that the program lasts a
lifetime but the program still
exists right now man of course
not but it's that we go by the
audience as we sell products This is
based on what is seen So it sells no
yes it sells but it's that
we are not only in the early mornings We are also
at 7 8 in the morning on four
every day also on Telecinco on the
weekends we are in the mornings
we are on Factoría de ficción at
noon we are on several
Mediaset channels in different
casino a Roulette program on Antena 3
the first casino program that was made
in Spain the first one will be able to be on casino on
Antena 3 and that yes it will be live and
we recorded in the casino in Aranjuez I
had to get home at 5:30 in the
morning every day So the
early mornings I am the queen of the
early mornings Do you think we can say that you
think we can say that Kiko
Hernández what they do save me that  his
most famous face is a facet that is
acted with a role well
Well I don't know I mean I think it's
his most histrionic side I mean in the end
people
I suppose that at home with their family it's not the
same as save me everyone So
man that's his most
extreme side but let's go we all have a
range and colors of course
then however on television
many times the face is different but there are
people maybe who don't understand the show
because sometimes it can exceed certain
limits of use and then the person goes
Apart from that yes totally
delighted to meet you and I'm
very happy that they awarded you and let's
see if we meet again in
life Whenever you want I'm there
at night I have a free slot
for the program at night when I'm
already going to sleep and I don't do live
until more or less until I get up
Okay then bike
What product do you think as an expert in selling
those types of products that can't be
missing this year at Kings something practical
something
committed to see things to
keep fit as we sell a lot
we have a very good static
but I think that Christmas also
give some jewelry that  In the gallery
we have very good jewelry but the jewelry
is very expensive Elena Yes but it is paid like
two installments
a month you can have a wonderful piece of
gold or diamond jewelry and they are not paying me
fantasy Thank you very much Karina a kiss
gorgeous goodbye
Thank you very much a
long time ago from the woman who
accompanies me here at night of course
My headline is well focused I mean my topic
but it is like that I mean in the end he has been for four
or five years the person who
sees the most here
that headline in this piece just so you
know you
still haven't given him the award I do
n't know if they are thinking about it Or what is
going on but I have to say that I see him
quite crestfallen he has always
saved I mean he hasn't gotten us up for
nothing to say he hasn't gotten up for anything
really besides I am seeing him he
is like serious I mean he is not speaking don't
say a word to me I was a little strange
[Music]
Carrillo I really tell you eh I mean
today mercy is not here nevertheless
Now if you want when
we reconnect
people I know here Well I am looking
to tell you people from Mediaset
producers that I know have greeted me
we know each other we look at each other like I know
who are you I know who you are no But
well the atmosphere is here a bit this
is a very diverse fauna there is everything
here there is everything so nothing I go
with all the people on Twitter
everyone is talking about the bag that Marta
has given to Joao and all the people are here
expectant
to make an answer that is
witty and respectful no it doesn't usually have
much art anymore I don't know man not there
again oh well Alejandra Rubio receives
her award Alejandro
[Music]
no but I don't know who is collecting it it
's not Alejandra she has just received an
award let's see let's see who it is let's see who it is will it
be a cousin or something
[Music]
or will it be the representative
well Alejandra would not say anything let's see
Alejandro
well I don't know really I don't know why she
has awarded What is the reason for the award
but come on I also don't know who is the one who
collected it She is next to one of the
Mediaset people I mean she is from Mediaset
but we don't know she hasn't gotten
very excited or expressed it much but
well The fact is that she has received an
award And now I don't know that she is
receiving it but also that  You know that
Soraya Arnelas, who was going to come because she has
also won an award, has not come
with you. No, I get along very well with
her, but I wanted to ask her about her
unfortunate comments on
Twitter. I say, what's going on? Juan
and the hairdresser are here. Look how wonderful.
Well, look. Precisely
at the hairdresser's. Children, back
on stage immediately.
Well, not even a warning, come on.
[Music]